// Week 2
Formed our team of 4 - 'Undergrads'. We all decided to do project 3 and went
over some basic ideas on how the website would be structured, development
tools and also delegated roles and who would be focusing on which areas. I 
agreed to work on the front end with Jasper and while also being responsible
for tying the front and back ends together once they are both functional.
For the proposal I was delegated with the Aim and also assisting with Epics
and Project Methodology.

// Week 3
Completed the Aim for the proposal and wrote up the Final Epics selection 
after discussions with the team. Further refinement of our vision for our 
project, we are proceeding with a bidding concept and a minimalist UI design.

// Week 4
Started drawing up storyboards for each page with Jasper, some concerns over 
how we would resolve multiple listings for multiple rooms in one property - 
ultimately decided on having a single listing for a property with sub-listings
within. Found some images which are suitable as a background for the homepage.
Pair programmed with Jasper for the homepage which is now almost complete; the
text colour needs to be adjusted and search autocomplete needs to be done. I 
will need to look into obtaining a Google Maps API key which will then allow us
to integrate location autocomplete into our search bar. 

// Week 5
Continued working on homepage with Jasper - MVP is completed and it is up to
the refinement stages now. Started working on the dashboard page but that has
been put on hold due to the back-end moving ahead of schedule and more issues 
with the design of the listing page. Started working on the property listing 
page which is about 60% complete for the MVP.

// Week 6
Continued progress on the property listing page. Refactored a large portion of
the code for clarity and consistency with the other pages due to a decision to
restyle the visuals. Started working on search page to add the search bar at
the top and also to have filters working. 